As we said, also the new roles,
the data warehouse by design followed an extremely well-architected.
You have very clear roles for the facts,
for the dimensions, for the OLAP cubes,
for the quality, for the consistency,
for who has access to what and so forth.
Now, it's becoming more popular that you want to engage new roles like a data scientist,
who's going to extract value from the data.
The data scientist's job is almost impossible.
If you went through this very well-architected and fixed data representation.
There needs to be a freedom to basically play with datasets,
join them differently, re-encode them,
take external data sources and so forth.
That was not possible in the warehouse.
New or larger interest in analytics,
machine learning and natural language processing and so forth,
these types of analytics, actually,
we're also hard to do on the data warehouse itself.
While in the big data technologies,
it was possible to have the same hardware which does the storage, does the processing.
That processing also can do the normal mainstream stuff, it can do the exploration,
and it can do those types of new machine learning analytics.
So to sum it up,
the data lake came to this new architecture named the data lake.
You can consider it, actually,
the new data warehouse.
So, the data lake shares the same goals of the data warehouse of
supporting business insights beyond the day-to-day transaction handling.
However, it is there to provide what the data warehouse,
per se in its known form, could not achieve.
Regarding the various data formats,
the data exploration, the new roles,
and the advanced analytics.